- [Instructor] Now that we've established
the business objects in the domain model,
let's see the associated code.
We're in a domain package,
which is a new package that I've declared here.
There is a class called Tour.
As I said before this tutorial is for developers
with previous knowledge of the Java Persistence API.
For a quick overview of JPA
check out the JPA chapter in my course Spring Data II.
If you do know JPA
then you will recognize the @Entity, @ID,
@GeneratedValue, @Column, and @ManyToOne.
These are annotations on this Java class
and it's attributes.
All the attributes in this class are present here,
plus the generated ID field.
In addition to the typical getters and setters,
there is a constructor.
This constructor is on line 50.
It takes all the fields
and initialize the attributes of those fields.
I make my default constructor protected,
so consumers of this class
are only able to construct
the fully initialized Java object.
As we said before Region is a enumerated type,
so let's look at that.
Here's our Region, and the values are Central Coast,
Southern California, Northern California and varies,
and then we have enumeration difficulty,
which is easy, medium, difficult, and varies.
Finally the tour package entity,
this has an ID on the code attributes,
so it's not generated, we're providing it.
This is a string, and the name is also a string.
Using just JPA,
the next step would be creating data services,
which invoke the entity manager
to create, read, update and delete entity objects.
Instead, we are going to use Spring Data JPA,
and these are repositories which eliminate
all of that repetitive, error prone, boiler plate code.